A user can now create an order.
So when they do so by clicking on that purchase button, we need to make sure that we then navigate
the user over to a new page.
So this is going to be orders slash the ID of the order.
Pretty much this last row down here.
So we're going to have to create a new route inside of a new order's directory inside of our pages folder.
We'll call this component order show or something similar to that.
So inside of here, we're going to want to fetch details about the order using that order ID right there,
and then just print out some information about it on the screen and eventually put on this payment button
as well.
The other little challenge we're going to have to take care of is this little timer where we're going
to tell the user how many seconds they have left to actually pay for the order.
Okay.
Let's get to it.
Inside of my editor.
I'm going to find my pages directory inside the client folder.
Inside there.
I'll make a new directory of orders.
And then I want to add in a new wild card route.
So I'm going to add it in there inside a square brackets.
Order ID dot jazz.
Once again, let's just put in some very simple markup right now and then focus on how we can navigate
a user over immediately after the order is created.
They'll put in a new component called Order Show.
Actually I think we've been using a slightly different convention having oh no, we have similar conventions.
So ticket show.
Yeah, a good enough order show.
It matches up.
All right, so let's return to Div.
And say, Order, Joe.
An export default order show at the bottom.
All right.
So now back inside the component.
We are just working at that ticket ID wild card.
We want to navigate a user over to the order show component whenever on success gets invoked, because
that's the point at which we know that, hey, order has been created.
We should now navigate the user over and show them details about this order.
As a reminder that function is going to be called with the order that was just created.
So inside there we already have access to the ID of the order.
So all we really have to do is figure out how to programmatically navigate a user right here instead
of doing the simple console log.
Now.
We've already seen programmatic navigation once before.
We're going to import router from next router at the top.
And then we can call router dot push.
Just one little issue here.
Once again, we are navigating programmatically over to a wild card route.
Remember what I mentioned just a little bit ago when we were working on that link element inside of
our landing page?
So back inside the landing page, here it is right here.
I told you that to create a link element, to go to a wild card route, we had to provide both the ref
and as.
And I'd also said we have to do something similar when making use of route or push to go to a wild card
route as well.
So yep, that's what we can do right now.
So to make use of route dot push to navigate to a wild card route, we're going to first put in an argument
that is essentially the path to the file or essentially the file name path, whatever you want to call
it, inside of our pages directory.
So for us, it'll be slash orders, slash square brackets, order ID.
And again, no extension is required.
Then as a second argument, we're going to put in the actual URL that we're trying to go to.
So order slash the real ID of the order.
And once again, we're going to use some string templating for this.
So I'll put in some back tactics, orders.
And then I'm going to reference the ID property of the order that is being provided to on success.
So order ID.
And that should be it.
I'm going to save this.
And go back and do another quick test.
The back over here.
The first order that I had created around my first client ticket should have now expired.
It has definitely been at least 60 seconds.
So now attempt to purchase this ticket and as soon as I do, I will get navigated automatically over
to order show.
Cool.
Okay.
Well, that's not too bad.
Let's take another quick pause right here.
When we come back, we're going to tackle this little timer, make sure that the user understands how
much time they have left to actually pay for the order.